c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\bin\Debug\Harbour.exe.config
c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\obj\Debug\Harbour.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\obj\Debug\Harbour.frmMain.resources
c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\obj\Debug\Harbour.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\obj\Debug\Harbour.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\bin\Debug\Harbour.exe
c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\bin\Debug\Harbour.pdb
c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\bin\Debug\Common.dll
c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\bin\Debug\Harbour_BLL.dll
c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\bin\Debug\Model.dll
c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\bin\Debug\Common.pdb
c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\bin\Debug\Harbour_BLL.pdb
c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\obj\Debug\Harbour.exe
c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\obj\Debug\Harbour.pdb
c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\bin\Debug\Harbour_DAL.dll
c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\bin\Debug\Harbour_DAL.pdb
c:\users\khlin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Harbour\Harbour\obj\Debug\Harbour.frmLogIn.resources
